Make site name overridable component (#107)
kitware-resonant/django-auth-style: README.md

## Usage
When django-auth-style is properly installed alongside django-allauth or django-oauth-toolkit,
rendered templates will automatically be overridden with styled alternatives.

### Template Override

> 
> To customize the styling, create your own template files in a directory named `auth_style` within your project's templates directory. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize the site name (in the upper-left corner), create `auth_style/site_name.html` within your project's templates directory. You will be responsible for applying appropriate styling to any text.

For example:
```

## Usage
When django-auth-style is properly installed alongside django-allauth or django-oauth-toolkit,
rendered templates will automatically be overridden with styled alternatives.

### Template Override

Create your custom component template, for example `my_django_app/templates/auth_style/components/site_name.html`:

```html
{% load allauth %}
{% setvar site_name %}
  {% if request.site %}
    {{ request.site.name }}
  {% elif site %}
    {{ site.name }}
  {% endif %}
{% endsetvar %}
{% if site_name %}
  <span class="text-2xl font-bold text-blue-600">
    🚀 {{ site_name }}
  </span>

> {% endif %}

Author: Understood, that makes sense. Let me know if the updated example is *too* simple.
